[CF1] sso limitations update (#19754)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/cloudflare-one/applications/configure-apps/dash-sso-apps.mdx

### SSO domain requirements

- The email domain must belong to your organization. Public email providers such as `@gmail.com` are not allowed.
- Every user with that email domain must be an employee in your organization. For example, university domains such as `@harvard.edu` are not allowed because they include student emails.
- Your SSO domain can include multiple email domains.

## 3. Enable dashboard SSO

:::note

> Cloudflare recommends noting down your [Global API key](/fundamentals/api/get-started/keys/) in case you need to [disable SSO](#option-2-disable-dashboard-sso) later.

Reviewer: should we caveat to store it carefully. the global api key is very powerful

> Cloudflare recommends noting down your [Global API key](/fundamentals/api/get-started/keys/) in case you need to [disable SSO](#option-2-disable-dashboard-sso) later.

Author: ```suggestion
Cloudflare recommends carefully storing your [Global API key](/fundamentals/api/get-started/keys/). You will need your Global API key when you [disable SSO](#option-2-disable-dashboard-sso).
```

Cloudflare dashboard SSO does not support:

- Users with plus-addressed emails, such as `example+2@domain.com`. If you have users like this added to your Cloudflare organization, they will be unable to login with SSO.

> - IdP initiated logins (such as a tile in Okta). All login attempts must originate from `https://dash.cloudflare.com`. You can create a bookmark for this URL in your IdP to assist users.

Reviewer: we can actually do this, kind of. If you configure a Cloudflare SAML application in Okta and paste in the SSO config info from the Dash SSO app, it will work.

Author: @kennyj42 making a note of this in another ticket. Need to add these instructions in the right place.

> - IdP initiated logins (such as a tile in Okta). All login attempts must originate from `https://dash.cloudflare.com`. You can create a bookmark for this URL in your IdP to assist users.

Author: ```suggestion
- IdP-initiated logins (such as a tile in Okta). All login attempts must originate from `https://dash.cloudflare.com`. You can create a bookmark for this URL in your IdP to assist users.
```

> - Adding a separate email-based policy to the SSO application that does not match your SSO domain policy. As your account team must [approve and create your SSO domain](/cloudflare-one/applications/configure-apps/dash-sso-apps/#2-contact-your-account-team) based on the [SSO domain requirements](/cloudflare-one/applications/configure-apps/dash-sso-apps/#sso-domain-requirements), adding a new policy domain policy on your own will not work.

Reviewer: "new policy domain policy" <- that needs to be reworded

> - Adding a separate email-based policy to the SSO application that does not match your SSO domain policy. As your account team must [approve and create your SSO domain](/cloudflare-one/applications/configure-apps/dash-sso-apps/#2-contact-your-account-team) based on the [SSO domain requirements](/cloudflare-one/applications/configure-apps/dash-sso-apps/#sso-domain-requirements), adding a new policy domain policy on your own will not work.

Author: ```suggestion
- Adding a separate email-based policy to the SSO application that does not match your SSO domain policy. As your account team must [approve and create your SSO domain](/cloudflare-one/applications/configure-apps/dash-sso-apps/#2-contact-your-account-team) based on the [SSO domain requirements](/cloudflare-one/applications/configure-apps/dash-sso-apps/#sso-domain-requirements), adding a new domain policy on your own will not work.
```
